E xception
1) Write a program to demonstrate the use of try, catch, finally throw and
throws keywords and demonstrate the following points in the program.
a) Multiple catch blocks.
b) try-catch-finally combination.
c) try-finally combination.
d) Nested try blocks
2). Write a java application for checking the bank account funds using
InsufficientFundsException using user defined exception using throw keword
and create a class for CheckingAccount with methods withdraw() and
getBalance() Among these withdraw() should throw an
InsufficientFundsException.
Collection
1.) Write a java program to do following operations on Array List(Integer)
a) Add element
b) Remove a particular element
c) Modify
d) View All elements(Use Iterator)
e) View a Particular element (get() )
f) Sort (Collections.sort)

2) Write a Java menu driven program to perform the following operationsusing Array List Create a class called Player with the following instance
variable

Player name
total run
no of wicket
no of matches
country
no-of-century
Category = null
* Create 5 Players add into the Array List
* Display the player details who has scored maximum no of runs
* Sort the players by name
* Remove the player who has scored less than 100 runs
* Update Category ‘A’ if player has got 10 century else update Grade ‘ B’


3.Write a java program to do push, pop , display objects on stacks(integer).
4.Implement single linked list(Integer) with following options:
a. Insert at the beginning.
b. Insert at given position.
c. Insert after a given node.
d. Delete at the beginning.
e. Delete at given position.
f. Delete after a given node.
g. Reverse the linked list.
2) Write a Java program menu driven to perform the following operations
using Map
* Create a class called Book with the following instance variable
name
price
author name
isbn no;
publication
* Create 5 Objects of book class
* Add all the object in to the Map using key as integer(book id) and value as
Book Object
* Display all the map object using for each
* Read any key from the user and display the particular book object based
on key
* Reduce the price by 10% for a particular publication books and display all
object with reduced price.

